Scheduler app

Guidance for Ai planner:
First of, you have completely liberty to research and think out if the box with the guidelines and assets provided, read think reason reaserch on the interney what more features peopole might prefer
in both ui/ux and features element, dont jsut copy and paste the ideas i have provided in the images folder as references, think out of the box and stuff which could eleveate the user experience.
The current.png is the desgin i had fincalized but its very early to make it a final version, its very much inspired frmo the minty.webp i like the color pallete but the ui/ux can see improvement and make
it natural just like other images are. and its also not multistepped like many other apps of such types are, its all confined on one screen
Stuff to incorporate in the readme.md or planner.md all of it
But to start working the focus is on feature collection and finilzatoin -> database schema changes -> making respective backend funcitons->frontend communincation -> appropaite ui/ux design -> deploymentent
Later on Secondarty featues and tech to add
Also i have been using expo go for testing and its good, but for notifications and OS needy tasks it doesnt work for that, i would like you to see the expo framework nad suggest another way to test the app

Genreal userStories:
Core Fetures:
1.I want a fun and interactive to track and store all my activities, routine stuff that i do, especially the activities that i have been procastinating all at one place
2.I want there to be a preset system which once made before hand automatically maps to my weekly schedule, instead of me manually mapping stuff every day
3.I want my timeline to be interactive and detailed since this has to be the main face of the app, where it shows the currecnt activity active and key details regarding it.
4. Once I have created a preset and loaded it in, i shouldn be able to switch some activities in and out of the timeline during runtime and this shouldn't effect my original preset.
5. The app should send in a notification every night, after the last acitivity's time has completed, asking to fill out the completion list (a fun light hearted way), to communicate how many activies the user
was able to do and which acitvities were missed, the whole tone should be friendly. The app should also ask the reason what hte user thinks was the reason which is optional if the user wants.
6. On sundays, I should get a weekly report summarizing everything that has happened in the previous week.

Secondary features (After a workable version is acheived)
7. I want to add images into my timeline as a proof of me doing the activty. Where the home timeline screen showing me the current active activity also has an add image feature, letting me
record my progress
8. Instead of typical streaks of completetion, the app should have an acheivement system letting, users earn badges and fun way to track. And have goal in mind.

DEVELOPER NOTES
UI/UX Design:
The app should be fundamentally inspired from the templates that you see in the /images folder -- flat ilustratuons, multistep processes, easy navigation, top notch flow from one screen to antoher
guiding hte user from one screen ot antoher
The app shouldnt use memos since they look old fastioned, like those where a card appears on the screen when you select an option, blurring the main screen and kind of half-efforted way to show features,
every feature should have an independant screen and the transtion should be seamless, and the screens shouldnt be blank and there should always be USEFUL info presented in a clean way.
The signup setup should be multistepped, removing hte generic "make email and pwd" sign up, the app should emphasis a user id instead a string like "gamax123" and a strong password, the email registration is
an extra feature to notify the user over mail which comes later on
The app is something that user shouldnt take as something forcing them to do things it should be encouraging and grounded at the same time.


Programmingn Structure:
Fucntions made should be to hteb point and structred, with comments explaining what it does
The retreival should be done in steps depepning on what kind of info is asked, for frequently used info cacheing should be adopted
Notifications should be properly structured, appropiately handled when the activity time of each starts
The frontend code and the stylesheets made should be extremley responsive and lightweight, not comprpomising on the quality though that should be kept in mind.
Use the users completion form and respones to generate a simplified and an in-depth report, simplified could more focus on natural uplifting with the overall stats, while in depth can be more statistacl with
graphs trends and intensive analysis so i know how should i arrange or adjust my activity plan.


Tech to incorporate at some point (Securitty and fast respones ):
Cloudfare
Redis Enterprise/ Upstash
TanStack Query + MMKV
